Yuxue, I was wronged
I see.
Phoenix and I both believe it wasn't you who did it.
What is the attitude of Empress Dowager Yuxue?
The Empress Dowager also wanted to save Her Highness
At that time, someone mentioned a first prince as the crown prince
He didn't say yes.
Now as long as I can save my father
All problems are solved
Your Majesty, do me a favor
How is your majesty
Can you cure the poison of the Empress Dowager?
Weichen is unheard of
I'm afraid what?
Empress Dowager Weichen is really powerless
It's better to pull it out and cut it
Princess, you can't go in and get out of the way
Empress Dowager Wang Jian, I have a way to save you
Send him in.
The courtiers see the Empress Dowager
What can you do?
Say it quickly, His Highness may be able to save His Majesty
What!
Ms. Chen was affected by tetanus at that time
The imperial doctors in the palace are powerless
It was His Highness the Thirteenth Prince who saved the minister
His Highness the Thirteenth will definitely be able to save His Majesty